docs: add Sphinx RST documentation pages (#451)
scylladb-zpp-2024-javascript-driver/scylladb-javascript-driver: docs/source/paging/paging.md

<!-- This document is heavily based on the DSx driver documentation:
https://docs.datastax.com/en/developer/nodejs-driver/4.8/features/paging/index.html
and rust driver documentation:

> https://rust-driver.docs.scylladb.com/stable/statements/paged.html -->

Reviewer: ditto - let's leave this comment here.

Author: Replied here" https://github.com/scylladb/nodejs-rs-driver/pull/451#discussion_r3336650008

Author: Restored

# Fetching large result sets

When dealing with a large number of rows, the driver breaks the result into _pages_, only requesting a limited number of
rows each time (`5000` being the default `fetchSize`). To retrieve the rows beyond this default size, use one of the

> following paging mechanisms. Paging is enabled by default and you can disable paging by setting `QueryOptions.paged` to false.

Reviewer: > you can disable paging by setting `QueryOptions.paged` to false.

This part is gone, and it should stay IMO.

Author: Restored

:::{warning}
Issuing unpaged SELECTs
may have dramatic performance consequences! **BEWARE!**\
If the result set is big (or, e.g., there are a lot of tombstones), those atrocities can happen:

- cluster may experience high load,
- queries may time out,
- the driver may devour a lot of RAM,
- latency will likely spike.

Stay safe. Page your SELECTs.

> :::

Reviewer: Oh, you removed my pinch of humour. Can it stay here to make the take-away stronger?

Author: I've restored this part, but I think we need to change the language, I'm sorry.

when calling `execute()` it will retrieve the first page of results according to the fetch size (defaults to `5000`).
If there are additional rows, those will be retrieved once the async iterator yielded the rows from the previous page.

If needed, you can use `isPaged()` method of `ResultSet` instance to determine whether there are more pages of results
than initially fetched.

:::{warning}
Note that using either the async or sync iterators will not affect the internal state of the `ResultSet` instance.
The following methods are mutually exclusive, so you should use only one per ResultSet instance:

- rows property, which contains the row instances of the first page of results,
- sync iterator, which will yield all the rows in the current page,
- async iterator, which will yield all the rows in the result regardless of the number of pages.
:::

### Each row callback

You can also iterate through pages by setting a per-page callback.
`eachRow()` works in two modes, depending on the `QueryOptions.autoPage` configuration:

- automatic paging: keeps fetching pages until all rows are processed (this is the default mode),

> - manual paging: fetches one page at a time. This mode gives you access to result sets of intermediate pages.

Reviewer: > This mode gives you access to result sets of intermediate pages.

🔧 Let's keep this remark.

Author: Restored

  To fetch the next page, you need to call `result.nextPage()`.

`eachRow()` calls:

- `rowCallback(rowIndex, row)` for each row as soon as it is received,
- `callback(err, result)`:
  - when `autoPage` is set to true: after all pages are fetched and `rowCallback` was called for each row,

>   - when `autoPage` is set to false: after the current page is fetched and `rowCallback` was called for each row,

Reviewer: 🔧 This part is important, let's keep it.
> and `rowCallback` was called for each row,

Author: Restored

  - when an error occurs.

```javascript
client.eachRow(
  query,
  parameters,
  { prepare: true, autoPage },
  (rowIndex, row) => {
    // process row
  },
  (err, result) => {
    if (err) {
      // handle error
      return;
    }
    if (result.nextPage) {
      // Handle intermediate page result set. This branch will be taken only when autoPage is disabled.
      // When autoPage is enabled you will not have access to those result sets.

>       result.nextPage();

Reviewer: 🔧 These comments should stay.

Author: Restored

    } else {
      // Handle last page result.
    }
  }
);
```

### Row streams

If you want to handle a large result set as a [`Stream`][stream] of rows, you can use `stream()` method of the
`Client` instance. The `stream()` method automatically fetches the following pages, yielding the rows as they come
through the network and retrieving the following page only after the previous rows were read (throttling).

```javascript
client.stream(query, parameters, options)
  .on('readable', function () {
    // readable is emitted as soon as a row is received and parsed
    let row;
    while (row = this.read()) {
      // process row
    }
  })
  .on('end', function () {
    // emitted when all rows have been retrieved and read

>   });

Reviewer: 🔧 Let's keep the `emitted` comments.

Author: Restored

```

## Manual paging

Sometimes it is convenient to save the paging state in order to restore it later. For example, consider a stateless
web service that displays a list of results with a link to the next page. When the user clicks that link, we want to
run the exact same query, except that the iteration should start where we stopped on the previous page.

> 

Reviewer: ❓ Why remove this motivation story?

Author: Restored

To do so, the driver exposes a `pagingState` object that represents where we were in the result set when the last page
was fetched:

```javascript
const options = { prepare: true, fetchSize: 1000 };
const result = await client.execute(query, parameters, options);

// Property 'rows' will contain only the amount of items of the first page (max 1000 in this case)
const rows = result.rows;

// Store the page state
let pageState = result.pageState;
```

In the next request, use the `pageState` to fetch the following rows.

```javascript
// Use the pageState in the queryOptions to continue where you left it.
const options = { pageState, prepare: true, fetchSize: 1000 };
const result = await client.execute(query, parameters, options);

// Following rows up to fetch size (1000)
const rows = result.rows;

// Store the next paging state.

> pageState = result.pageState;

Reviewer 2: Most of those comments should probably stay.

@wprzytula ?

> fetching subsequent pages automatically as the previous one is consumed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fetching subsequent pages automatically as the previous one has been consumed.
```

🔧 Let's be precise about the timing relationship here. It has an observable impact on performance.

Author: Updated

> If there are additional rows, the driver fetches the next page automatically as the async iterator
> yields rows from the previous page.

Reviewer: ditto: timing

```suggestion
If there are additional rows, the driver fetches the next page automatically once the async iterator
has yielded rows from the previous page.
```

Author: Updated

> Use the `isPaged()` method on a `ResultSet` instance to check whether more pages exist.

Reviewer: @adespawn Ugh, this is a confusing name for such semantics. Was it the same in DSx?

Reviewer 2: Yup

> - **Automatic paging** (default): fetches all pages until all rows are processed.

Reviewer: 🔧 Let's keep the old naming, not to make readers think that all pages are materialized eagerly at once.

```suggestion
- **Automatic paging** (default): keeps fetching subsequent pages until all rows are processed.
```

Author: Updated
